problem with buttons and tiles overlapping during MOUSEBUTTONDOWN check can be avoided with 
a if - else statement with the buttons in the front

model.face can be shown with colored corner/arrow

terminator weapon/loadout can be displayed by classsystem (GW 8th symbols)

interact button only shown when door to interact with (now not always shown)

Blips can be revealed outside Entry Areas (List, blitting a purple number?)

implement Broodlord reveal on entrypoint

the initial placement of blips must be skippable for certain missions

implement visual distinction for Guard/Overwatch/Jam

certain buttons don't appear/disappear

sustained Fire needs to be processed on every gs individually
    -> change susf to a model or tile and compare
    -> save susf with coordiantes and str

add shoot button only after check_ranged()

the entire map can be made individualistic, so that sections can be distinguished easely

implement flamer burning one one side of the door(perhaps pathfinding)

implement Assaultcannon explosion and reload

implement Psyker phase 

fix UI

add oos Actions

add overwatch/oos Actions to revealSM

check shoot and freeshoot interactions very thoroughly

add broodlord to sm reveal (1st model)
add entrypointreveal to Sm reveal

add comments to methods

integrate oos and smplace

should the turning be so that a full turn isn't possible? (for reveal purposes)

oos actions:
add cost
    melee, end

reload(add to normal activation)

add ac explosion

add animations for all the actions (including the dice)
add highlight for selected/clicked

change movement, so that the model in question can be moved x tiles (perhaps a snapping rect to show where it would go and how much it would cost)

add use for the amount button in BLStart and BLplace

after rooling the cp again, the button for reroll needs to disappear

ideas for Client server:
    clients have run() for gamestates, but they only log and send the clicks and have no internal logic
    server sends updates for the map, client displays it

Version: 0.0.5

level needs to be changable in lobby
server needs to shut down if no player is connected
from_data in Sm and Gs needs to automatically select the Pictures based on rank/weapon or Broodlord status
need to make server send more robust, insert exeption handeling
add join menu
add debug gamestate to test ingame interactions or make it a toggelable option with a variable
add scale to UI Objects
scaling slider in config needs work
give the Slider a method to put it at a certain position
add graphicx/y to Tiles to seperate boardposition and Screenposition
add options with the Sprite classes to adjust the parameters of the Tiles (like burning etc.)
add a main Method to the server so it can be shutdown correctly instead of creashing whenever someone disconnects
    added disconnect method to client, last client to  disconnect still gets error
add a variable to the saved SM models so that they can be attributed to a Spawnarea
implement logger 
change entrypoint class so that it can utilise saved lists to fill its blips/genstealer lists
finish the Server main method, so that it is clearer what the server is doing an when(
    should the server ustilise only the main method, with the threads only passing the infos from their
    clients along, or should the main method only be for directing the flow of the game?
)

Todo: new classes for Map objects, make them server/ client compatible, clientside needs to be checked

Class Brainstorm:

Model:
    Serverside:
        coordinates
        activated?
        face
        picture? -> yes, less info for the client this way
    Clientside:
        coordinates
        face
        picture
        
    

Tile:
    Serverside:
        coordinates
        occupied?
        occupand?
        sector
        burning?
        picture? as string? or exported to clientside? -> No, the picture needs to be set, to ensure that sectors are seperated properly
        method to package it to json
    Clientside:
        coordinates 
        occupied?
        occupand? or is it easier to make the models clickable and let the tiles be? -> both for all situations, solved by giving both a rect that can be collisionchecked against the mousepos
        sector 
        burning
        pictures for normal and burning
        classmethod to create from from_data

SMStartTile? -> easely implemented through a list serverside and highlights clientside